# About-Me
Who I am/What I'm planning.


  I'm a 23 y.o. trans-girl who really loves games. I remember sneaking on the computer a lot as a kid just to play stuff like the game I'm planing to do here, or on the console to play Halo and Smash Bros. . Final Fantasy, Kingdom Hearts, and Sonic the Hedgehog were, and still are, my absolute favorite games as a kid, and I always sat and thought about what it would take to do what so many others have done, and what BlackDevilX had done for his game, myself. A lot of my inspiration comes from talents like: Akira Toriyama, Hideaki Anno, BlackDevilX, SlimeGirlGames, Tetsuya Nomura, Yoko Shimomoura, Josh Mancell, Mark Mothersbaugh, Nobuo Uematsu, Deadmau5, Carl Cox, and more. :)

  I'm a solo, not-for-profit, parody game dev who had/still has a nostalgia for Sonic the Hedgehog, directly inspired by the early 2000's flash game saga, "Final Fantasy Sonic X."
I plan on doing an "HD Remake" of sorts to the entire game in memory of BlackDevilX, as well as continuing the story of where we left off in the last entry (THAT CLIFFHANGER THOUGH) since we have no way of playing the games without going through potentially dangerous websites. This game will be made in Godot Game Engine v.4.3 in whichever programming language I end up learning, as this is also my first attempt at progamming anything, and will most likely be released as an individual download here on github rather than a Steam or Xbox game. There will also be an entire NEW OST done by me to make the game safer to showcase on places like YouTube or Twitch, as a LOT of the old OST contains copyrighted material. For the sake of original game, I will attempt to use the same sprites that were used in the previous game, however, some things will be changed to make the game better to play, such as: explorable areas, changes to certain puzzles, changes to the UI/HUD, and more. 

  I will be using this project as a test to see if making other games will be possible for me in the future. Very recently getting into game dev, so things will absolutely be wonky, but I am dedicated and ready for the challenge.  I hope I can provide a nostalgic, memorable experience with a game a lot of us replayed over and over again (we know which episode).
